README.md, before:

# What is paneless?

A window manager for web apps.

# What is this?

This repository is used to develop, test and demonstrate paneless.

## To run the demo -

Clone this repository -

<pre><code>  $ git clone https://github.com/BradDunagan/paneless.git
</code></pre>

Then -

<pre><code>  $ cd paneless
  $ npm install
  $ npm run dev
</pre></code>

The demo app will be running in your browser.

Click on \<App Name\>.  A dropdown menu should appear.

Click on <b><u>F</u>rame \></b>, <b>New</b>.

A <i>frame</i> should be created. It has a title bar at the top and a status bar at the bottom. In the middle is a <i>pane</i> with no content.

If you hover at the top of the pane (just under the frame's title bar) a <i>transient bar</i> will appear for the pane. Click on the burger (the three short parallel lines at the left) - not the frame's burger - but the one that appears below the frame's when you hover at the top of the pane (below the fram's title bar).

A dropdown menu for the pane should appear. Click on <b>Controls</b>. The pane will now have a <i>User-Defined User Interface</i> (UDUI) as its content. Click on the pane's burger again.

The dropdown menu for the pane will have changed. Click on <b>Add Control \></b>, <b>Button</b>.

## Tabs or Spaces?

tabs

size: 4

# To install paneless in another app

Go to your root development directory of your app. Then -

<pre><code>  $ npm install paneless
</code></pre>

Commit message:

added a bit on properties to the readme

README.md, after:

# What is paneless?

A window manager for web apps.

# What is this?

This repository is used to develop, test and demonstrate paneless.

## To run the demo -

Clone this repository -

<pre><code>  $ git clone https://github.com/BradDunagan/paneless.git
</code></pre>

Then -

<pre><code>  $ cd paneless
  $ npm install
  $ npm run dev
</pre></code>

The demo app will be running in your browser.

Click on \<App Name\>.  A dropdown menu should appear.

Click on <b><u>F</u>rame \></b>, <b>New</b>.

A <i>frame</i> should be created. It has a title bar at the top and a status bar at the bottom. In the middle is a <i>pane</i> with no content.

If you hover at the top of the pane (just under the frame's title bar) a <i>transient bar</i> will appear for the pane. Click on the burger (the three short parallel lines at the left) - not the frame's burger - but the one that appears below the frame's when you hover at the top of the pane (below the fram's title bar).

A dropdown menu for the pane should appear. Click on <b>Controls</b>. The pane will now have a <i>User-Defined User Interface</i> (UDUI) as its content. Click on the pane's burger again.

The dropdown menu for the pane will have changed. Click on <b>Add Control \></b>, <b>Button</b>.

### Properties

To create a properties pane create a new frame. Then in its's pane burger menu click on <b>Properties</b>.

To set properties of a control (in another pane) shift click on the control. A popup menu should appear. Click on <b><u>P</u>roperties ...</b>.

To set properties of a splitter shift click on the splitter.

## Tabs or Spaces?

tabs

size: 4

# To install paneless in another app

Go to your root development directory of your app. Then -

<pre><code>  $ npm install paneless
</code></pre>
